This is the readme for Johane Assis's IT266 Quake 2 mod

Deliverables:
Directional Melee Attacks
Sword or Shield that blocks
The player getting hit at different body parts and getting effected by it in some way
5 Power Ups that compliement the mod

How to see the directional melee attacks:
When the game load up switch to the blaster by pressing "1" and press it again to switch
to the Sword (it'll have the hyperblaster model).
When you don't move and attack with the sword, you'll do a normal attack
When you walk forward/back and attack with the sword, you'll do a heavy attack
When you walk sideways and attack with the sword, you'll do a ligh attack
There is no animations for these attacks so a nofitication will tell you what type of attack
you completed.

How to block:
Start off by giving yourself some shells or power up 3 by typing in the command line 
"give shells" and/or "Power3" without quotes. Switch to the shotgun by pressing "2". Every shot
you take with the shotgun will toggle blocking on and off. You won't take damage while blocking.
(Please note that the shotgun is not shooting bullets since it's suppose to be the shield).

Damage at different player locations:
To test this out go up to a enemy in singleplayer and have them attack you. (Please note that
the ai enemies will always aim for the neck area, you can see different body parts get hit if you 
move around and jump while the ai shoots at you.) Different parts of the body takes more damage 
than others. The head takes 8x damage, the neck takes 3x damage, the chest takes 1.2x damage, the
stomach takes 1x damage, the legs takes 0.33x damge, the arms take 0.66x damage, and the rest just
takes 1x damage.

Commands to see Power Up Deliverable:
give power1	- health booster
Power3		- shell booster whenever staying still
Power4		- opposite of shell booster whenever staying still
give power5	- opposite of health booster
give power2	- slows you down and makes you walk all janky, perfect for not wanting to 
		  play the game